This is it for this module.
We covered a lot of different aspects of using forums and handling user input in ionic apps.
You'll learn that both the template driven approach like here in the off page as well as the reactive
approach as in the new offer page work and that you can use all the forum features and validation directives
and techniques you already know from angular.
You'll also learn about the special or some special new inputs it gives you like for example that nice
ion daytime component here.
You saw a bit how you can configure it and how you may validated which can be very useful and unnecessary
to mention.
But as always the docs are your friend for deep dives into all these components and also into our form
control related components like checkboxes or toggles which we didn't cover here.
With that we got a nice app and we're finally able to gather some data from our users data from the
next module will now have a look at using that data to make sure we can actually create new play says
edit them and so on before we then later also add functionality to enriched is with a custom picture
with getting a location or picking a location on a map.
And of course with sending all that data to a server.